His lion was whether or not say how to spend the weekend
That's right
Well I Do not because do not think so much
Much do not know an enemy felt that intake worries
It is after all about cotton race in horse racing not
Now it is from now, but I thought what
Matsui had been kneaded for the first time described in today
In the meantime, it is a little carbonation work
Please think that you should
Mostly anything
Ha
ni
There t Huh
That niece has been retired
There are 8 active activities in
8 but it is let's do our best
From
Since the total of reasons for the carrier's hung a hand
It can also be set by I'm such mean was not possible to do
It also Toka horizontal Nde was released from valor there
Even if it is easy to produce
First strongly Te what night and whether is will it hated
One also time yourself is another this old in the even I So another sense to say in the chute
Such of it or rather enjoy cup
It is still so, but I can enjoy it, but it is a mistranslation but I do not want to do it
It can do so in real
Because I decided to do something and I did not finish it
What Te citizen's really also a variety find the future hobby gradually
It was about normal
The best is I
The greed of that general person
Feeling uncle and elsewhere that had been sound
Haan
Not at all
w I'm working
It will pass
Ne
'S not do
I have had a relationship with you but I am a junior at 4:00 am
At the end of the day, Jyoti first said that he was senior and sound
But in the end there are 4 hours of juniors
none
You are not
It is disappointing, isn't it?
Oh harbor
Yes
I thought and did not say
Right
I raised it before
In had been the last to everyone's entered
De Kyoko Na Kaneko climbs to the end
Thank you very much car I think I am really happy
goo
I am
Hmm
How do you see
We look forward to seeing you today